No one had seen the creatures. 

That was the most insidious part about it. They were clearly universal, teeming over every surface, a multitudinous mass of consuming mouths, draining every animate thing of energy, an inexorable pull towards oblivion and annihilation. 

And they’d been there the whole time. 

Rodrorigar rued the very discovery. Maybe it would have been better if old Armagabast had fallen from a precipice early on, maybe Rodrorigar’s whole life could have been lived in a kind of contented ignorance where he never knew about the creatures, never knew such a thing was even possible. People had lived for generations, their entire history knowing nothing about the buffer realm and they seemed to be fine. Happy even if the remaining artifacts depict things accurately. What is the harm?

But really, he could not unknow it. Even now he leered about at the invisible writhing he knew was there, shuddering and kind of suffocating in a way that he knew he could not really escape. There was nowhere to go, nowhere to evade their ubiquity and pervasive invasiveness. What do you do when reality itself becomes corrupted, infested with the enemy? 

Well, there was one way. It was the only way. And it was the way he had to take. 

His phone rang and he answered it immediately, wound into a spiral of tension. 

“Rodrorigar, the tests have been successful. We are ready for a larger deployment”

Rodrorigar didn’t even respond. He just hung up and roared full throated at the ceiling. Finally!!! he would have his sword to fight back against the invading hordes. We would smite them out of existence. 

—-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------

A small group assembled at the testing site. Baraba was gesturing wildly at some charts while Amandibin held her forehead between pinched fingers. Domodotal was pacing menacingly back and forth before the projector. His team was in prime form. 

On seeing him Domodotal declared “Everything is ready! Glad you could stop by personally” he smiled. 

“I wouldn’t miss it” Rodrorigar grumbled, then broke into a wide grin. “Let’s annihilate these monsters”

He nodded to Amandibin, while Baraba took a seat in an anxious rocking huddle. Amandibin turned and hovered over an innocuous green button. It glowed in a kind of oscillating tranquility. 

In that moment Rodrorigar reflected on what they knew about the creatures. Evolving rapidly, yet also ancient, they seemed to pervade the known universe in a kind of cosmic suckling. Clearly entropic forces all funneled into their voracious maw, but also other kinds of energies which, unbridled, would be far stronger. Gravity, molecular bonds and vibrations, quantum fluctuations, they siphoned off of everything into an ongoing fattening orgy of reproduction and gluttony. The very thought revolted him and he shuddered again. The sooner the better. 

As the button was pressed he noticed something changing. Subtle at first, a slow shifting took place in the space around them. A kind of opening, and clarifying, like a thousand different lenses all coming into focus at the same place. The hum was quiet at first so that he didn’t notice when it became a roar, and all of the surfaces and people around him started unraveling in a kind of rainbow polymer fountain of brilliance. 

As the binding forces in his being loosened and unfurled, he had the brief thought that perhaps the creatures were inside him as well, perhaps even that he was entirely made of these entities he could feel peeling away from the core of his being one by one like the seeds of a vast dandelion. 
